[PAGE (RECAP)]
You're getting soft.
And The Board will see you at 8PM to discuss
the consequences of your behavior.
[BRYCE (RECAP)]
The Board wants to see me tonight, Bobby.
And this time, they mean business.
[TAMMY (RECAP)]
It's a Double Diva Diversion, my dear!
[BRYCE (RECAP)]
I'm not gonna rope another person
back into that world of crime.
[BOBBY (RECAP)]
What if there was a way where you didn't
have to get another person involved?
[GLORIA (RECAP)]
I was wrong about you!
You was using him for murder!
[BRYCE (RECAP)]
Donovan, we now have a new objective.
Eliminate all obstacles
that get in the way.
[BRYCE]
...and that's about
...and that's about two-thirds of my backstory.
[RECEPTIONIST]
...riveting.
If you're finished, The Board will see you now.
[BRYCE]
Alright.
Well boys, this is it.
[BOBBY]
If anything happens to you in there...
[BRYCE]
Nothing is going to happen in there, Bobby.
[KISSES + WINKS]
[RECEPTIONIST]
If you're quite done,
they're not having a picnic.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[BRYCE]
What's your name, dear?
[RECEPTIONIST]
Florence.
[BRYCE]
Oh.
Oh. It would be.
[BOBBY]
What?!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[BOARD MEMBER]
Bryce Tankthrust.
Do you know why we've summoned you here today?
[BRYCE]
No, but I got a good fucking hunch
you're about to tell me.
[BOARD MEMBER]
Ever since you married that piece of shit,
a heart has been growing in your chest.
[BRYCE]
I thought you'd be happy for me.
I no longer have to seek out constant donors.
[BOARD MEMBER]
I can give two shits about your health!
You're no longer the heartless bitch
we fell in love with thirty years ago.
[SERENA LITELL]
Move my six o'clock to seven, and my seven to three.
[BOBBY]
But what do I tell your three o'clock?
[SERENA]
Tell them they're shit out of luck.
[BRYCE]
Well, you are shit out of olives,
I could tell you that much.
[SERENA]
The hell's the new girl doing at my house?
[BRYCE]
Gettin' toasted and staying hungry, apparently.
[SERENA]
You're humping up my husband, aren't ya, hussy?!
[BRYCE]
No, I have standards.
Although with an uggo muggo like his,
I'm sure he must have a plump penile, huh?
[SERENA]
I knew you'd never had a future at this company.
[SERENA, HOLDING GUN]
[BOBBY]
Serena, wait. L– Let's talk this out.
[SERENA]
There's nothing to talk about.
Some people just weren't meant to live.
[GUN FAILS TO FIRE]
[BOBBY]
You know, it really was a mistake hiring both of us.
[BRYCE]
You know, Serena, I think it's time
your company found itself
a capable CEO.
[SERENA]
You're looking at her, bitch.
[BRYCE]
No, I'm looking at a coward
who needs her hubby
to be the face of her brand.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
And his face will be a lot more malleable
if he doesn't have you to fall back on.
Don't you see, Serena?
Removing you from the equation
will be my checkmate move, dear.
[SERENA]
You'll never get away with killing me.
[BRYCE]
Who said I was killing you?
[DONOVAN EMERGES]
[SERENA]
WAIT! I HAVE MONEY!
[SERENA'S HEAD POPS OFF]
[FITCHELL SCREAMS]
[FITCHELL]
—MY GOD!
[FITCHELL HYPERVENTILATES]
[BRYCE]
Shut up, stupid!
[BRYCE, TOSSING CHOCOLATES]
[FITCHELL]
HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO REACT?!
YOU
YOU KILLED
YOU KILLED MY
YOU KILLED MY FUCKING
YOU KILLED MY FUCKING WIFE
YOU KILLED MY FUCKING WIFE, WOMAN!
[BRYCE]
Ding, ding, ding!
And if you don't wanna join the bitch...
...then you'll do exactly as I say.
[FITCHELL]
"Dear fellow subordinates,
I've had it up to here
with my piece of shit wife.
And if you're watching this now,
it means I murdered the bitch.
Before I flee the country,
I leave everything in control of
Bryce
Bryce Tankthrust.
Congratulations!
You now work for a hot genius."
All right, I— I did what you asked.
You promised you'd let me live!
I have candy!
[DELORIO]
SHIT!
[BLOOD DRIVE WORKER]
Sir, your blood—!
[DELORIO]
Sir, they were all out of lube;
I hope you're okay with lard!
[FITCHELL]
HELP!
[DELORIO]
Sir, what is happening?
[BRYCE]
What's happening is your boss
ALMOST made it out alive,
but decided to call for help, didn't he?
[BRYCE SNAPS FINGERS]
[DONOVAN SLAMS DOOR]
It really is a shame, Fitchell.
I almost DIDN'T kill you.
[FITCHELL]
If you kill me, I swear to God,
I'll go to the police!
[GUNSHOT]
[DELORIO SCREAMS]
[BRYCE]
God damn it!
[BRYCE, SLAPS VHS MONITOR]
Fuckin' VHS era sucks.
[SLAPS VHS MONITOR AGAIN]
Well, you heard what he said.
You all work for me now!
[BOBBY]
Yeah, this is where you
clap, you pesants.
There we go.
[BRYCE]
Thank you, Bobby.
He's been promoted to my #2,
and Delorio has been
demoted to my old position.
Everyone say "Fuck you, Delorio!"
[OFFICE STAFF (IN UNISON)]
Fuck you, Delorio.
[DELORIO]
okay.
[BRYCE]
There's gonna be some big changes around here, people.
It's the dawn of a new era.
First order of business: we're
changing the name of this fuckin' company.
"Callco" sounds like what?
[BRYCE + OFFICE STAFF (IN UNISON)]
Shit.
[BRYCE]
That's right.
[BOBBY]
You should put your face on the product.
[BRYCE]
Hey, that is a great idea that I just had!
We're gonna be using my image
for the face of the company!
ME!
ME! (x2)
ME! (x3)
[VOICEOVER]
A new brand of cellular phone has hit the market,
featuring the face of a sexy young drag queen.
But who IS this woman?
[JANICE]
These fuckers are flying off the shelves!
I wish I had a face like yours, Ms. Bryce.
[BRYCE]
I know, then you wouldn't need these.
[BRYCE, GESTURES AT JANICE'S CHEST]
[JANICE]
I know!
[BRYCE]
I think I deserve a raise.
I think it's time I had a bigger office.
BINGO.
That's the ticket.
Market value projection.
Business.
MY PRECIOUS DATA!!!
Buy it.
Print it.
Fuck it.
Move my three o'clock to seven and my seven to
NOW!!!
[BRYCE'S VOICE]
[TAMMY (OFF-CAMERA)]
Oh, I'm so proud of you, Brycey!
[TAMMY]
You're finally doing the
Double Diva Diversion!
[BRYCE]
No, what I'm using is a...
...is a robot.
[TAMMY]
(:O) You're fucking the robot?
[BRYCE]
(._.) What? N– no.
[TAMMY]
Oh, it's fuckin' you.
[BRYCE]
(-_-) No one's fucking no one.
[TAMMY]
Not with THAT attitude.
[BRYCE]
OK, I didn't come here to
talk about my sex life,
I came here to BRAG.
[TAMMY (OFF-CAMERA)]
Well, not with THAT outfit.
[TAMMY]
[BRYCE (OFF-CAMERA)]
You know, you want scoffed
at the idea of me becoming a boss,
[BRYCE]
You know, you want scoffed
at the idea of me becoming a boss,
and now look where I am, and...
look where you are, woman.
[TAMMY LAUGHS]
[TAMMY]
You think success is permanent?
[TV]
Two...
One...
[TV]
Happy new year, everybody!
[TAMMY'S VOICE]
Nothing is permanent.
You don't even know how to run a business!
[TAMMY (OFF-CAMERA)]
And I know that little delicate heart of yours
is just gonna buckle under all that stress of trying to.
[TAMMY]
And I know that little delicate heart of yours
is just gonna buckle under all that stress of trying to.
[TAMMY'S VOICE]
And I know that little delicate heart of yours
is just gonna buckle under all that stress of trying to.
[CINDY]
Are you ready for the future?
A new sleek phone has arrived,
[CINDY]
so you can throw your other
pieces of shit right in the trash.
[BRYCE'S HEART BUCKLES]
[BRYCE]
Enjoy the rest of your time in here, mother.
[TAMMY]
You think I'm enjoying this?!
I HAVE TO USE CHEETO DUST FOR MAKEUP!
[BRYCE (OFF-CAMERA)]
Well, it looks like shit!
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
[TAMMY]
THIS WAS MY DINNER, BITCH!
[BOBBY'S VOICE]
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
Bryce, Bryce!
[BOBBY]
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
We need you in this decade, dear!
[BRYCE GROANS]
[DONOVAN]
She appears to be having a cardiac arrest.
[BRYCE]
NO SHIT!
[BOBBY]
OK, look, Donovan and I are gonna go out
and we're gonna find you a new heart, OK?
[UNNAMED CHILD WHIMPERS]
[DONOVAN]
Good evening, small boy.
Would you like to come back here
and help me fix my toilet?
[BOBBY PULLS OUT SWITCHBLADE]
[UNNAMED CHILD]
A toilet?
You're CLEARLY a robot.
[BOBBY]
God damn you, I told you I
should've been the diversion!
[UNNAMED CHILD]
No...
That wouldn't have worked either.
[BOBBY]
Why not? You could clearly tell he was a robot.
[UNNAMED CHILD]
Yeah, but I could tell you're a pervert.
[BOBBY]
Eh, touché.
[BOBBY SPITS AT CHILD]
[CHILD FLINCHES, WHIMPERS, RUNS AWAY]
[BOBBY GIGGLES MEANANCINGLY]
[BOBBY]
Go home, Donovan.
This disguise clearly isn't doing shit.
[DONOVAN]
But where are you going?
[BOBBY]
To find a heart.
[DELORIO]
Here's to the 90s being the best
goddamn decade of our lives!
[CHEERING]
[SOMEONE KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[DELORIO OPENS DOOR]
[DELORIO]
Well, well, well, if it isn't
my boss's piece of shit–
[DELORIO]
(˵ O _ O ˵)
[BOBBY]
Penis.
[DELORIO]
Yep. You found it.
[BOBBY]
What I'm having trouble finding...
...is your bedroom.
[DELORIO]
MOVE, WE'RE FUCKING!
I never thought that you and I would ever–
[DELORIO GETS STABBED]
[DELORIO GETS STABBED + MOANS]
[BOBBY]
Die.
[DELORIO MOANS SOME MORE]
[PARTYGOER #1]
OH MY GOD!
WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO TO DELORIO?!
[BOBBY]
I gave that little slut what he needed.
[PARTYGOER #2]
No, what he needed was to
[TAMMY'S VOICE]
stay away from
stay away from boys
[TAMMY (FLASHBACK)]
stay away from boys like
stay away from boys like you!
[PARTYGOER #3]
Leaving a hookup with a man's heart?
You're just a common top.
[BOBBY]
NO
NO, I'M
[BOBBY]
NO, I'M NOT!
[PARTYGOERS BEGIN CHANTING "DIE!"]
[PARTYGOER #1]
And this is why you don't
mix friends with coworkers!
[BOBBY]
NO!
[PARTYGOERS CONTINUE CHANTING "DIE!"]
[BOBBY]
SHUT
SHUT UP!
[BOBBY]
SHUT UP!!
SHUT UP!!!
[BOBBY TEARS OUT HAIR]
[PARTYGOERS GASP]
[BOBBY TEARS OUT HAIR x2]
[PARTYGOERS GASP x2]
[BOBBY UNDERGOES VILLAIN TRANSFORMATION]
[PARTYGOER #4]
Ew, what is he doing?
[BOBBY CONTINUES VILLAIN TRANSFORMATION]
[PARTYGOER #5]
Everyone get back! He's weird!
[CHAOS ENSUES]
[BRYCE]
We'll have you looking
like one of us in no time!
[DONOVAN]
May I ask about that man in the photograph?
[BRYCE]
He was a friend of mine.
Now close your eyes.
[BRYCE, SPRAYING PAINT]
[DONOVAN]
And where is he now?
[BRYCE]
He's dead.
[DONOVAN]
I detect you are going someplace dark.
[BRYCE]
It was tragic, yes,
but if it didn't happen,
I wouldn't be where I am now,
and you would not exist.
[DONOVAN]
So his sacrifice meant...
our salvation?
[BRYCE]
If you say so.
[SEVERAL THUMPS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[BRYCE]
Hi, who's there?
[BOBBY REVEALS HIMSELF]
[BRYCE]
Holy shit, Bobby, what have you done?
[BOBBY]
What was necessary.
[BRYCE]
Where did you get that?
[BOBBY]
Let's just say you're gonna need a new receptionist.
[BRYCE]
Yeah, well then, when this one runs out, then what?
[BOBBY]
Then we fuck that troll
when we cross that bridge.
[KICKS OPEN COOLER]
But I don't think that'll be for a long time.
[BRYCE]
Wow! Another crystal clear
phone call for the books.
My phones might not be the
flashiest or tiniest,
but they still got me on
the package, and me means quality.
Plus...
🎵 The radiation they emit 🎵
🎵 is within legal limits 🎵
🎵 with a battery life up to 30 minutes 🎵
🎵 ring, ring, hello 🎵
🎵 ring, ring, hello 🎵 (x2)
🎵 ring, ring– 🎵
[BRYCE]
Hello?
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
Nice to meet you, Bryce.
[BRYCE]
Who the fuck is this
and how did you get my number?
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
How would you like to
take your business to the top?
[BRYCE (OVER PHONE)]
I'm already at the top!
[BRYCE]
My phones are the hottest
ones on the market.
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
They're also the oldest
ones on the market.
[BRYCE]
What's your point, dipshit?
I'm walking through
a FUCKING fountain right now!
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
I can help you circumnavigate
the treacherous world in retail.
Come here to my office.
My partners and I would
like to meet with you.
[BRYCE]
Thank you for having–
[BOARD MEMBER #4]
We'll start this meeting when we're ready,
thank you very much.
[BOARD MEMBER #7]
Are you sure she's the one?
[BOARD MEMBER #1]
I don't like her attitude.
[BOARD MEMBER #5]
Of course she's the one, you cocksuckers!
[BRYCE]
Now that depends on who you
sinister bags of shit even are.
[BOARD MEMBER #5]
We're an angel investment firm.
[BOARD MEMBER #6]
But you can think of us
as a group of angels
who can take your
business to the next level.
[BRYCE]
How do I know you're not just a bunch of
regular grandpas who brought me here
to get fucked?
domestically we've made billions and
around the globe we've even made
trillions that is a [ __ ] ton of money in
this decade we've worked with countless
models as the face of our Empire we
believe that you have the perfect face
for money making price we've hired a
team of scientists to analyze your face
and have confirmed it as the perfect
structure to disarm the average consumer
and with you on our team we can break
into the zillions by next quarter you
want me to join your boys club God no
oh
if your company
well you all have a lovely day and I
hope you all pass away you'll make more
money with us than if your company
stayed private for 10 lifetimes imagine
it now Bryce toothpaste to give yourself
that executive smile price breakfast
cereal for the business woman's rise and
grind
I'll think about it well think quickly
sweetheart we're very busy men with very
little time and a woman's looks has a
very sharp shelf life
tempting as the offer was I was a [ __ ]
who still had options
[Music]
Gloria are you home it's Bryce
from work
yeah there's that lovely ray of sunshine
indeed as the gap tooth Goblin who
ruined my life uh your teeth have a gap
too Gloria and yours is bigger that's
debatable look the 90s are upon us and
this beautiful mug can only sell these
Clunkers for so long I need someone to
help build me a more modern phone why
you weapon that's the last thing I built
for you I'll pay you a hell of a lot
more than hornborn ever could and I know
you need the money Gloria look at this
shitty house look at your shitty [ __ ]
kid mother says I am perfectly healthy
healthy
let me tell you the same thing I told
the doctor I'd rather die
now put yourself out on the sidewalk
trash pickups tomorrow
hey you sound like you're next door I'm
in space bitchin and that's because of
its antenna technology don't ask me how
it works
all right boys
it twisted my titties and I'm in
good to see you finally come to your
senses Miss tank thrust
now just sign this contract and we'll be
on our way to making you the most
recognized face in retail little did I
know I was signing over half my company
to a group of demons dressed in angels
clothing
and that was just the beginning it's
Bryce cream Bryce wine with every
product I endorsed I lost a piece of my
heart and soul with it my weight loss
program will get your body skinny in my
but my health never mattered so long as
the Angels were smiling the numbers are
looking great pricey keep it up I think
it's time I had a bigger house
hey watch it that is worth oil in your
bloodline no not you none of that I
became consumed with power as I should
have I want a bigger office
bingo the more money I made the less
feelings I felt
and it was wonderful is that a Bryce
doll for power hungry little girls like
me hello America
I've done everything I want to do in my
life and with my new book 50 steps to
instant success so can you
foreign
piece of hog [ __ ] the prison called they
want you down there immediately [ __ ] me
I thought I had more time before the
embezzling caught up no it it's your
mother oh she's dead now even worse
she's free now and that's not right
she's not supposed to get out of jail to
the mid 90s that's now sweetheart
[ __ ]
[Applause]
[Music]
my father Brothers
why okay I can deal with this now with I
insist I will not take that master
bedroom even though you know I have a
very bad back
the hell is this twenty thousand dollars
you can take that money and kindly [ __ ]
off
well you sound just like your mother I
am nothing like you mother
foreign
God help me if I ever come close
what have you become
[Music]
anyways as the years progressed I wound
up making clones of a baby I stole so I
could Harvest Hearts ethically but when
I was thwarted I took it out on the
country by running for president after
my term I defeated Queen Elizabeth and
married one of the world's worst
terrorists and It All Leads right back
here to you senile [ __ ] stains thinking
that some [ __ ] pulled all that off
we don't give two [ __ ] about your
shitty backstory we're terminating your
contract Bryce you have lost the
heartless quality we loved when we met
you you can't do that yes we can cable I
don't want you to I have been an
upstanding pillar of this [ __ ] thing
for about what three decades now
hi hi excuse me I need to uh just
destroy your restroom where is it well
now I'm not telling you well I'm gonna
destroy something that holds matter
can't stop that pervert and shame his
team
your heart is causing you to make some
terrible decisions Bryce I heard you
bought 11 prisons I don't see the
problem prisons are hot that's why
they're in so many pornos sir sir can I
help
sir you cannot go in there then call
security
use them both in the perverts
what did you get
look now ah it's [ __ ] show time woman
did you bring what we asked holy [ __ ]
isn't it beautiful of course it's
beautiful let's go we have no choice but
to terminate you Bryce we're sorry to
see you go
what the hell is this I did not order
any twins okay whatever Kink this is I'm
shaming it you didn't read your contract
did you we've already bribed the media
for cover-up story CEO rice tank thrust
tragically took her own life yesterday
when she shot herself 65 times in the
legs butt moves and brains hey tragic
loss in the corporate Community if any
of you [ __ ] lay a finger on Bobby I
swear to God this life will be spared
but it's time for you to accept your
faith
I'm the worst laughs
why don't you do it to my face
what if you're gonna kill me
but get the [ __ ] out here for once and
kill me to my face
we've been partners for three goddamn
decades
the least you could do is that
Bryce Miss tank thrust we appreciate
your many years with the firm but now
we're gonna have to let you go hold on
what the hell is that
[ __ ] she's gassing the room
[Music]
what did you do you [ __ ] that's
potassium chloride [ __ ] stops
the heart from beating which for you old
bags of [ __ ] could have happened
tomorrow
thank you
[ __ ]
[Music]
now let's see how indestructible you
really are
God damn [ __ ]
[Music]
how because
four tits is better than two your filthy
penis ever was it really worth dying for
her salvation
[Music]
said a lot of things to get me where I
am now
but nothing's helped me more than these
two solid American words I'm sorry
I'm sorry we didn't make a better team
um I'm sorry for betraying you truth is
I am who I am because of you and I am
sorry for not recognizing the presence
of another bad [ __ ] who's been staring
me in the face all these years
I did not get to where I am by stepping
over others
up ladies those piles of [ __ ] can
destroy us at any moment we need
a good plan in fact my entire
contingency plan has been one triple
Diva diversion this entire time you
stupid [ __ ]
[ __ ] you bright stickers
[Music]
thank you
Gloria I asked you to build me a sex bot
instead you built something that
understood me more than anyone I ever
knew no one understands you
wow so you said they all died of a heart
attack yep all at the same time can you
believe that and you said that they left
everything to you they did including
their bodies which will be blasting off
into outer space next week so what is
next for Bryce tank thrust where the
[ __ ] do you go from here you little
skank well I think I've been through a
lot haven't I so I think it's time I go
through a little I'm gonna take some
time off dear with those closest to me
because at the end of the day everyone
else really just can frankly go die
you know not everyone can say they're
married to a killer
a leader a fighter and a lover so tell
me what's the view like at the Top If
there's one thing I've learned
there is no such thing as the top
when you reach the peak of a mountain it
only gives you a better view of the
taller ones waiting to be climbed
Donovan reporting for Duty
[Music]
thank you
well I'm bored
you're not gonna stay for the end of
credits it's not a movie
foreign
BRYCE: EPISODE THREE | A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL TRANSCRIPT AUTOGENERATED BY YOUTUBE
SYNCING, ADJUSTMENTS, PUNCTUATION BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
SUBTITLES EDITED USING VISUAL STUDIO CODE AND ZARCHIVER
SUBTITLES TESTED ON VLC MEDIA PLAYER FOR WINDOWS 10 AND ANDROID
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
THESE ARE FAN-MADE SUBTITLES LICENSED UNDER THE GPLv3 LICENSE.
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/IufIqrkd4Fs
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/